feat(sca): add all flag for pre-commit command (#663)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20230801_183736_henri.hubert_allow_scan_all_pre_commit.md

### Added

> - Add `--all` flag for `ggshield sca scan pre-commit` command to uncover all vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: nit: This seems more accurate to me.
```suggestion
- Add `--all` flag for `ggshield sca scan pre-commit` command to scan all the files.
```
